README.md, before:

# RegisterAPP

A registration application built for iOS using UIKit.

## Overview

RegisterAPP is an iOS application designed for user registration functionality. The app is built using UIKit and follows standard iOS application architecture patterns.

## Features

- iOS native user interface
- Scene-based lifecycle management
- Clean architecture with proper delegation patterns

## Screenshots

<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_DE153321-9513-4D4B-BE67-A2C33C7C5DE8" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4731db9-5a05-4a7d-b0b0-5effe8d28257" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_5A8AC193-D344-4CBF-806B-3DA9E3919BB3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c8952d5-75f1-4d66-99c3-f87f6c8cd17a" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_7E6A04E2-4A52-4E19-9ED9-2A4A1427404B" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee9adb13-6f3a-4e71-aa5c-7507755881f2" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_83A907E9-B5EB-4CD7-B0C0-755F3ECFAD46" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f7c61932-6977-4652-8c11-42b5409fb19c" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_69C8E2BF-4FA5-41B9-A554-14AA168999B7" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7db1df74-537a-46fa-92d7-997f30321d14" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_21EBF712-5985-4637-9426-0B6A7EDD6535" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7056d280-d1f3-49dc-b631-5e5e46ee1273" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_4BD0EB7B-01FD-4D23-B4D8-47501A1834BB" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/24a6bdb3-9484-43f3-8ede-ad39a570ad75" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_8C63ABA1-792F-4496-B563-97F1B2EA5F98" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62251c1d-1458-42bf-90a2-d8530e0f8659" />

Commit message:

Enhance README with app details and design approaches
Expanded the README to include more details about the app's features, technical stack, and design approaches.

README.md, after:

# RegisterAPP

A collection of modern iOS registration and login UI designs built with UIKit.

## Overview

RegisterAPP showcases 8 different sign-up and login page designs for iOS applications. Each design demonstrates different UI/UX approaches to user authentication, from minimal to feature-rich layouts.

## Features

- 8 unique registration/login page designs
- Clean UIKit implementation
- Multiple authentication flows (email, phone, social login)
- Responsive layouts optimized for iOS devices
- Modern UI patterns and components

## Technical Stack

- **Framework**: UIKit
- **Architecture**: Scene-based lifecycle
- **Language**: Swift
- **Platform**: iOS

## Purpose

This project serves as a design reference and learning resource for implementing different authentication UI patterns in iOS applications.

## Screenshots

<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_DE153321-9513-4D4B-BE67-A2C33C7C5DE8" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4731db9-5a05-4a7d-b0b0-5effe8d28257" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_5A8AC193-D344-4CBF-806B-3DA9E3919BB3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c8952d5-75f1-4d66-99c3-f87f6c8cd17a" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_7E6A04E2-4A52-4E19-9ED9-2A4A1427404B" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee9adb13-6f3a-4e71-aa5c-7507755881f2" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_83A907E9-B5EB-4CD7-B0C0-755F3ECFAD46" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f7c61932-6977-4652-8c11-42b5409fb19c" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_69C8E2BF-4FA5-41B9-A554-14AA168999B7" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7db1df74-537a-46fa-92d7-997f30321d14" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_21EBF712-5985-4637-9426-0B6A7EDD6535" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7056d280-d1f3-49dc-b631-5e5e46ee1273" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_4BD0EB7B-01FD-4D23-B4D8-47501A1834BB" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/24a6bdb3-9484-43f3-8ede-ad39a570ad75" />
<img width="120" height="262" alt="simulator_screenshot_8C63ABA1-792F-4496-B563-97F1B2EA5F98" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62251c1d-1458-42bf-90a2-d8530e0f8659" />

The app includes various design approaches:
- Traditional form layouts
- Social authentication integration
- Dark/light theme variations
- Custom branding examples
